#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
-e file:../../lib/python/orchest-internals
    # via -r requirements.in
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==1.11.1
    # via posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.5
    # via nbdime
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
    # via nbformat
flask==2.2.5
    # via sanitized-package
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via nbdime
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.15.2
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==1.23.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.1
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.6
    # via nbdime
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-git==0.39.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.1
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
nbclassic==0.4.3
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.6.8
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via jupyterlab-git
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-git
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
posthog==1.4.7
    # via sanitized-package
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   posthog
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via babel
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==23.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbdime
    #   posthog
    #   sanitized-package
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.0
    # via ipython
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-git
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via aiosqlite
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.8
    # via flask
y-py==0.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.4
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
zipp==3.18.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
